Hi. I'm David.
And I am Judith. Welcome to our Spark course.
We are really excited to get started.
Data is everywhere and it's growing every second of every day.
Imagine 2.5 quintillion bytes of data is created every single day.
That's a lot of zeros, 18 to be exact.
According to a recent IBM report,
90 percent of the world's data has been created in the last two years alone.
This data comes from all of us.
Our apps, social media, and connected devices,
all generate massive amounts of data that
tells about ourselves and how we interact with each other.
This data contains valuable information and has changed
how businesses think about building and developing products.
Our own data drives the technology we use every day.
Analyzing data at such a large scale is challenging.
Data sets no longer fit on a single computer.
Instead, we have to divide data across a network of distributed computers.
New technologies like Spark were invented to
solve this problem and have become the industry standard.
Spark has grown from an academic project in
Berkeley's Amp lab to a top open source project in just a few years.
Now it's used by the largest companies and fast
growing startups all over the world to efficiently analyze messy data sets.
In this course, you'll learn how to use Spark to work with
big data and build machine learning models at scale.